{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Microsoft Sans Serif;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red155\green0\blue211;\red140\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green176\blue80;\red100\green107\blue134;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.3.9600}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\li57\ri57\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs18\lang9\line Jocys.com Text to Speech Monitor\b0\line Tool for text to speech addons in games.\par

\pard\li57\ri57\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang2057\bullet\b\lang9  PROGRAM \b0\lang2057\bullet\lang9\par
Program home page: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.jocys.com }}{\fldrslt{http://www.jocys.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18  ( Evaldas Jocys and Vaidotas Jocys )\line Program google code page: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://code.google.com/p/jocyscom-wow-texttospeech }}{\fldrslt{http://code.google.com/p/jocyscom-wow-texttospeech\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18\line Information about text to speech on Wikipedia: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/text-to-speech }}{\fldrslt{http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/text-to-speech\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18\line Download Ivona text to speech voices:  {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ivona.com }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ivona.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18\line World of Warcraft game:  {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://battle.net/wow }}{\fldrslt{http://battle.net/wow\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18\par
Reference - Pitch Shifting in C# - Stephan M. Bernsee: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.dspdimension.com }}{\fldrslt{http://www.dspdimension.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18\line Reference - Pitch Shifting in C#  - Michael Knight: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://sites.google.com/site/mikescoderama }}{\fldrslt{http://sites.google.com/site/mikescoderama\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18\line Reference - DirectX Effects -  Jack Johnston: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/jackjohnston99 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/jackjohnston99\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18\par
\lang2057\bullet\b\lang9  ABOUT \b0\lang2057\bullet\lang9\par

\pard\li57\ri57\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj Please download this tool only from trustworthy sources. Make sure, that it is always signed by verified publisher ( Jocys.com ) with signature, issue by trusted certificate authority. This tool requires administrative rights to function.\par
If your game, like "World of Warcraft", supports addons, you can add text-to-speech feature to your game. How it works -- When you open NPC dialogue window in "World of Warcraft" game, \i "Jocys.Com Text to Speech WoW Addon"\i0   creates and sends special \cf2 whisper message\cf0  between \cf1\f1 <\cf3 voice\cf1 ><\cf3 part\cf1 >\cf0 text\cf1 </\cf3 part\cf1 ></\cf3 voice\cf1 >\cf0\f0  tags to yourself ( this \cf2 whisper message\cf0  includes NPC dialogue \f1 text\f0 , game character \cf4\f1 name\cf0\f0 , \cf4\f1 gender\cf0\f0  and \cf4\f1 command\cf0\f0  \cf1\f1 value\cf0\f0 . Other \cf1\f1 values\cf0\f0  can be \cf4\f1 pitch\cf0\f0 , \cf4\f1 rate\cf0\f0 , \cf4\f1 effect\cf0\f0  and \cf4\f1 volume\cf0\f0 . Then, \i "Jocys.Com Text to Speech Monitor"\i0   ( which must be running in background ) picks-up this \cf2 whisper message\cf0  from your network traffic and reads it with specific text-to-speech voice. You can use free text-to-speech voices by Microsoft or you can download and install additional and better text-to-speech voices from {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ivona.com }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ivona.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18  website. Good voices are English-British "Amy" and "Brian". English-American "Salli" and "Joey" are not bad too.\par

\pard\li57\ri57\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang2057\bullet\b\lang9  HELP \b0\lang2057\bullet\lang9\par
Simple \cf2 whisper message\cf0  example:\par
\cf1\f1 <\cf3 voice\cf1  \cf4 command=\cf1 "Play"><\cf3 part\cf1 >\cf0 text\cf1 </\cf3 part\cf1 ></\cf3 voice\cf1 >\cf0\f0\par

\pard\li57\ri57\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj For \i "Jocys.Com Text to Speech Monitor"\i0   to speak in different text-to-speech voices, pitch and rate, you must have text-to-speech voices installed on your Operating System and submit game character \cf4\f1 name\cf0\f0  ( like \cf1\f1 "Marshal McBride"\cf0\f0 ) and \cf4\f1 gender\cf0\f0  ( \cf1\f1 "Male"\cf0\f0 , \cf1\f1 "Female"\cf0\f0  or \cf1\f1 "Neutral"\cf0\f0  ) \cf1\f1 values\cf0\f0 . Normal \cf2 whisper message\cf0  example:\par

\pard\li57\ri57\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\f1 <\cf3 voice\cf1  \cf4 name=\cf1 "Marshal McBride" \cf4 gender=\cf1 "Male" \cf4 command=\cf1 "Play"><\cf3 part\cf1 >\cf0 text\cf1 </\cf3 part\cf1 ></\cf3 voice\cf1 >\cf0\f0\par
If \cf4\f1 gender\cf0\f0  \cf1\f1 value\cf0\f0  is not submitted or submitted \cf1\f1 value\cf0\f0  is not \cf1\f1 "Male"\cf0\f0 , \cf1\f1 "Female"\cf0\f0  or \cf1\f1 "Neutral"\cf0\f0 , gender from "Default Gender" drop-down box will be used.\par
If \cf4\f1 name\cf0\f0  \cf1\f1 value\cf0\f0  is not submitted, text-to-speech voice with highest \cf5 popularity value\cf0  ( of specified gender ) in \cf6 [ Voices ]\cf0  tab will be used.\par
If you will submit specific \cf1\f1 values\cf0\f0 , Monitor will use them, instead of local setup.  Advanced \cf2 whisper message\cf0  example:\par
\cf1\f1 <\cf3 voice\cf1  \cf4 name=\cf1 "IVONA 2 Amy" \cf4 gender=\cf1 "Female" \cf4 pitch=\cf1 "-5" \cf4 rate=\cf1 "1" \cf4 effect=\cf1 "Humanoid" \cf4 volume=\cf1 "100" \cf4 command=\cf1 "Play"><\cf3 part\cf1 >\cf0 text\cf7 [comment]\cf0 text\cf7 [/comment]\cf1 </\cf3 part\cf1 ></\cf3 voice\cf1 >\par
\cf0\f0 If you are submitting \cf4\f1 name\cf0\f0  of text-to-speech voice, which you have installed on your Operating System, like \cf1\f1 "IVONA 2 Amy"\f0 , \cf0 it is not necessary to submit \cf4\f1 gender\cf0\f0  \cf1\f1 value\cf0\f0 .\par
\cf4\f1 name\cf0\f0  -- can be text-to-specch voice name, like \cf1\f1 "IVONA 2 Brian"\cf0\f0 , \cf1\f1 "Microsoft Zira Desktop"\cf0\f0  ( \i Monitor\i0   will use these names ) or game character names, like \cf1\f1 "Marshal McBride"\cf0\f0  ( \i Monitor\i0   will assign text-to-speech voice to this character ).\line\cf4\f1 gender\cf0\f0  -- voice gender... \cf1\f1 "Male"\cf0\f0 , \cf1\f1 "Female"\cf0\f0  or \cf1\f1 "Neutral"\cf0\f0 .\line\cf4\f1 pitch\cf0\f0  -- voice pitch... value from \cf1\f1 "-10"\cf0\f0  to \cf1\f1 "10"\cf0\f0 .\line\cf4\f1 rate\cf0\f0  -- voice speed... value from \cf1\f1 "-10"\cf0\f0  to \cf1\f1 "10"\cf0\f0 .\line\cf4\f1 effect\cf0\f0  -- voice sound effects... \cf1\f1 "Dragon"\cf0\f0 , \cf1\f1 "Undead"\cf0\f0 , \cf1\f1 "Mechanic"\cf0\f0 , etc...\line\cf4\f1 volume\cf0\f0  -- voice volume... value from \cf1\f1 "0"\cf0\f0  to \cf1\f1 "100"\cf0\f0 .\line\cf7\f1 [comment]\cf0 text\cf7 [/comment]\cf0\f0  -- in \i Monitor \i0  will be raplaced to SAPI \cf1\f1 <\cf3 pitch\cf1  \cf4 absmiddle=\cf1 "(inverted pitch value 8 or -8)" />\cf0 text\cf1 <\cf3 pitch\cf1  \cf4 absmiddle=\cf1 "(original pitch value)" />\cf0\f0 .\par
\cf4\f1 command\cf0\f0  - if you need to start and stop speech or split text in message ( due to 255 character limitation ), use... \cf1\f1 "Add"\cf0\f0 , \cf1\f1 "Play"\cf0\f0 , \cf1\f1 "Stop"\cf0\f0  values:\par
\cf1\f1 <\cf3 voice\cf1  \cf4 command=\cf1 "Add"><\cf3 part\cf1 >\cf0 text\cf1 </\cf3 part\cf1 ></\cf3 voice\cf1 >\cf0\f0  -- First part of message.\line\cf1\f1 <\cf3 voice\cf1  \cf4 command=\cf1 "Add<\cf3 part\cf1 >\cf0 text\cf1 </\cf3 part\cf1 ></\cf3 voice\cf1 >\cf0\f0  -- Second part of message.\line\cf1\f1 <\cf3 voice\cf1  \cf4 command=\cf1 "Play"><\cf3 part\cf1 >\cf0 text\cf1 </\cf3 part\cf1 ></\cf3 voice\cf1 >\cf0\f0  -- Third ( last ) part of message. Monitor will combine all three messages into one and will start speech. All other \cf1\f1 values\cf0\f0  for \cf4\f1 name\cf0\f0 , \cf4\f1 gender\cf0\f0 , \cf4\f1 effect\cf0\f0 ... should be submitted in this ( last ) part.\par
\cf1\f1 <\cf3 voice\cf1  \cf4 command=\cf1 "Stop" />\cf0\f0  -- Stops speech.\par
\lang2057\bullet\b\lang9  FILES \b0\lang2057\bullet\b\lang9  WINDOWS 8 \b0\lang2057\bullet\par
\lang9 Monitor's user configuration: C:\\Users\\<USERNAME>\\AppData\\Local\\Jocys.com\\JocysCom.TextToSpeech...\line Effect's preset configuration: <PRESETNAME>.preset.xml\par
WoW Addon's configuration ( usual directory ): C:\\Program Files (x86)\\World of Warcraft\\WTF\\Account\\<USERNAME>\\...\line Search for... "JocysCom" ( JocysCom-TextToSpeech-WoW.lua, JocysCom-TextToSpeech-WoW.lua.bak ).\par
}
 